The following program randomly generates an integer greater than or equal to 0 and less than 100. 
The program then prompts the user to guess the number. If the user guesses the number correctly, the program outputs an appropriate message. 
Otherwise, the program checks whether the guessed number is less than the random number. If the guessed number is less than the random the 
number generated by the program, the program outputs the message, ‘‘Your guess is lower than the number’’; otherwise, the program outputs the 
message, ‘‘Your guess is higher than the number’’. The program then prompts the user to enter another number. The user is prompted to guess the 
random number until the user enters the correct number.
The program uses the method random of the class Math to generate a random number.

We just used one input and is the number that the user writes, and we used 4 outputs in a text form that are the next: "Adivina el número!",
"¡Felicidades, Adivinaste el número!", "Your guess is lower than the number, try again...", "Your guess is higher than the number, try again..."

We used 2 variables: 1. "randomnumber" that keep the random number that was created by the computer just once in the compilation
2. "usernumber" this is the number that the user writes, and it is changing each time that the user writes one different


The program must to generate one random number and the user have to guess which is the correct number trying the necesary times, but it seems
difficult but too the program have to be evaluating if the number is higher o lower and for that reason it is more easy for the user


1. Generates a random number
2. to ask for the user to enter a number
3. Compare the randomnumber with the user number
4. Show a message depending on the result
5. Repeat until the user guess the correct number


Inicio

Generar número aleatorio entre 0 y 99
Repetir

   Mostrar mensaje "Adivina el número"
  Leer número del usuario
    
  Si el número es igual al número aleatorio entonces
       Mostrar mensaje de felicitación
  Sino si el número es menor entonces
      Mostrar mensaje indicando que el número es menor
  Sino
      Mostrar mensaje indicando que el número es mayor
  Fin si
